README.md, before:

# Flutter Overlay Window Plus

A Flutter plugin for displaying overlay windows over other apps with enhanced features and better API.

## Features

- ✅ Display overlay windows over other apps
- ✅ Multiple overlay types (default, click-through, focus pointer)
- ✅ Draggable overlays with position gravity
- ✅ Customizable size and position
- ✅ Real-time communication between overlay and main app
- ✅ Permission management
- ✅ Event streaming
- ✅ Better error handling and API design

## Installation

Add the package to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  flutter_overlay_window_plus: ^1.0.0
```

## Android Setup

### 1. Add Permissions

Add the following permissions to your `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`:

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE_SPECIAL_USE" />
```

### 2. Add Service

Add the overlay service to your `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml` inside the `<application>` tag:

```xml
<service 
  android:name="com.example.flutter_overlay_window_plus.OverlayService" 
  android:exported="false"
  android:foregroundServiceType="specialUse">
  <property 
    android:name="android.app.PROPERTY_SPECIAL_USE_FGS_SUBTYPE"
    android:value="overlay_window_service" />
</service>
```

### 3. Entry Point

Create an entry point for your overlay widget in your `main.dart`:

```dart
// overlay entry point
@pragma("vm:entry-point")
void overlayMain() {
  runApp(const MaterialApp(
    debugShowCheckedModeBanner: false,
    home: Material(child: Text("My overlay"))
  ));
}
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```dart
import 'package:flutter_overlay_window_plus/flutter_overlay_window_plus.dart';

// Check permission
final bool hasPermission = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.isPermissionGranted();

// Request permission
final bool granted = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.requestPermission();

// Show overlay
final bool success = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.showOverlay(
  height: 200,
  width: 300,
  alignment: OverlayAlignment.center,
  overlayTitle: "My Overlay",
  overlayContent: "This is my overlay content",
  enableDrag: true,
);
```

### Advanced Usage

```dart
// Show click-through overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.showOverlay(
  height: WindowSize.fullCover,
  width: WindowSize.matchParent,
  flag: OverlayFlag.clickThrough,
  overlayTitle: "Click-Through Overlay",
  enableDrag: false,
);

// Show small draggable overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.showOverlay(
  height: 100,
  width: 150,
  alignment: OverlayAlignment.topRight,
  flag: OverlayFlag.defaultFlag,
  overlayTitle: "Small Overlay",
  enableDrag: true,
  positionGravity: PositionGravity.right,
);

// Close overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.closeOverlay();

// Share data with overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.shareData("Hello from main app!");

// Get overlay position
final position = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.getOverlayPosition();
```

### Listening to Events

```dart
// Listen to overlay events
FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.overlayListener.listen((event) {
  print('Event: ${event['event']}');
  
  switch (event['event']) {
    case 'overlay_shown':
      print('Overlay is now visible');
      break;
    case 'overlay_moved':
      print('Overlay moved to: ${event['x']}, ${event['y']}');
      break;
    case 'overlay_closed':
      print('Overlay was closed');
      break;
  }
});
```

## API Reference

### Window Size Constants

```dart
class WindowSize {
  static const int matchParent = -1;    // Match parent width/height
  static const int wrapContent = -2;    // Wrap content
  static const int fullCover = -3;      // Full screen cover
}
```

### Overlay Alignment

```dart
enum OverlayAlignment {
  center,      // Center of screen
  top,         // Top of screen
  bottom,      // Bottom of screen
  left,        // Left of screen
  right,       // Right of screen
  topLeft,     // Top left corner
  topRight,    // Top right corner
  bottomLeft,  // Bottom left corner
  bottomRight, // Bottom right corner
}
```

### Overlay Flags

```dart
enum OverlayFlag {
  clickThrough,  // Window can never receive touch events
  defaultFlag,   // Default window flag (won't get key input focus)
  focusPointer,  // Allow pointer events outside window
}
```

### Position Gravity

```dart
enum PositionGravity {
  none,  // Allow overlay to be positioned anywhere
  right, // Stick to right side of screen
  left,  // Stick to left side of screen
  auto,  // Auto-stick to left or right side
}
```

### Notification Visibility

```dart
enum NotificationVisibility {
  visibilityPublic,   // Show notification on lock screen
  visibilitySecret,   // Hide notification on lock screen
  visibilityPrivate,  // Show notification but hide sensitive content
}
```

## Methods

### Permission Management

- `isPermissionGranted()` - Check if overlay permission is granted
- `requestPermission()` - Request overlay permission

### Overlay Control

- `showOverlay()` - Show overlay window with various options
- `closeOverlay()` - Close overlay if open
- `resizeOverlay(width, height)` - Resize overlay
- `moveOverlay(position)` - Move overlay to new position
- `getOverlayPosition()` - Get current overlay position

### Communication

- `shareData(data)` - Share data between overlay and main app
- `updateFlag(flag)` - Update overlay flag while active
- `overlayListener` - Stream for listening to overlay events

## Example

See the `example/` directory for a complete working example.

## Limitations

- Only supports Android (iOS has strict limitations on overlay windows)
- Requires `SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW` permission
- Overlay content is currently limited to basic text (custom widgets require additional implementation)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This package is inspired by [flutter_overlay_window](https://github.com/jbergloda1/flutter_overlay_window) but with improved API design and additional features.

Commit message:

Enhance Flutter Overlay Window Plus: Introduced single overlay instance, live data streaming, and app minimization feature. Updated README for clarity and added new methods in the plugin for better functionality. Removed deprecated Kotlin plugin file.

README.md, after:

# Flutter Overlay Window Plus

A Flutter plugin for displaying a single, robust overlay window over other apps with enhanced features and better API.

## Features

- ✅ Display a **single instance** of an overlay window over other apps (prevents multiple overlays)
- ✅ Draggable overlays with position gravity
- ✅ Customizable size and position
- ✅ **Live data streaming** to the overlay from your main app
- ✅ **Minimize app to background** and **re-launch on overlay close**
- ✅ Permission management
- ✅ Event streaming for overlay state changes
- ✅ Better error handling and API design

## Installation

Add the package to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  flutter_overlay_window_plus: ^1.0.0
```

## Android Setup

### 1. Add Permissions

Add the following permissions to your `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`:

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.FOREGROUND_SERVICE_SPECIAL_USE" />
```

### 2. Add Service

Add the overlay service to your `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml` inside the `<application>` tag:

```xml
<service 
  android:name="com.example.flutter_overlay_window_plus.OverlayService" 
  android:exported="false"
  android:foregroundServiceType="specialUse">
  <property 
    android:name="android.app.PROPERTY_SPECIAL_USE_FGS_SUBTYPE"
    android:value="overlay_window_service" />
</service>
```

### 3. Entry Point

Create an entry point for your overlay widget in your `main.dart`:

```dart
// overlay entry point
@pragma("vm:entry-point")
void overlayMain() {
  runApp(const MaterialApp(
    debugShowCheckedModeBanner: false,
    home: Material(child: Text("My overlay"))
  ));
}
```

## Usage

### Basic Usage

```dart
import 'package:flutter_overlay_window_plus/flutter_overlay_window_plus.dart';

// Check permission
final bool hasPermission = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.isPermissionGranted();

// Request permission
final bool granted = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.requestPermission();

// Show overlay
final bool success = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.showOverlay(
  height: 200,
  width: 300,
  alignment: OverlayAlignment.center,
  overlayTitle: "My Overlay",
  overlayContent: "This is my overlay content",
  enableDrag: true,
);
```

### Advanced Usage

```dart
// Show small draggable overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.showOverlay(
  height: 100,
  width: 150,
  alignment: OverlayAlignment.topRight,
  flag: OverlayFlag.defaultFlag,
  overlayTitle: "Small Overlay",
  enableDrag: true,
  positionGravity: PositionGravity.right,
);

// Close overlay
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.closeOverlay();

// Share data with overlay (can be used for live streaming)
// In the overlay service, the text will be updated dynamically
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.shareData("Live update text: ${DateTime.now()}");

// Minimize the app to the background
await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.minimizeApp();

// Get overlay position
final position = await FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.getOverlayPosition();
```

### Listening to Events

```dart
// Listen to overlay events
FlutterOverlayWindowPlus.overlayListener.listen((event) {
  print('Event: ${event['event']}');
  
  switch (event['event']) {
    case 'overlay_shown':
      print('Overlay is now visible');
      break;
    case 'overlay_moved':
      print('Overlay moved to: ${event['x']}, ${event['y']}');
      break;
    case 'overlay_closed':
      print('Overlay was closed');
      break;
  }
});
```

## API Reference

### Window Size Constants

```dart
class WindowSize {
  static const int matchParent = -1;    // Match parent width/height
  static const int wrapContent = -2;    // Wrap content
  static const int fullCover = -3;      // Full screen cover
}
```

### Overlay Alignment

```dart
enum OverlayAlignment {
  center,      // Center of screen
  top,         // Top of screen
  bottom,      // Bottom of screen
  left,        // Left of screen
  right,       // Right of screen
  topLeft,     // Top left corner
  topRight,    // Top right corner
  bottomLeft,  // Bottom left corner
  bottomRight, // Bottom right corner
}
```

### Overlay Flags

```dart
enum OverlayFlag {
  defaultFlag,   // Default window flag (won't get key input focus)
  focusPointer,  // Allow pointer events outside window
}
```

### Position Gravity

```dart
enum PositionGravity {
  none,  // Allow overlay to be positioned anywhere
  right, // Stick to right side of screen
  left,  // Stick to left side of screen
  auto,  // Auto-stick to left or right side
}
```

### Notification Visibility

```dart
enum NotificationVisibility {
  visibilityPublic,   // Show notification on lock screen
  visibilitySecret,   // Hide notification on lock screen
  visibilityPrivate,  // Show notification but hide sensitive content
}
```

## Methods

### Permission Management

- `isPermissionGranted()` - Check if overlay permission is granted
- `requestPermission()` - Request overlay permission

### Overlay Control

- `showOverlay()` - Show overlay window with various options
- `closeOverlay()` - Close overlay if open
- `resizeOverlay(width, height)` - Resize overlay
- `moveOverlay(position)` - Move overlay to new position
- `getOverlayPosition()` - Get current overlay position

### Communication

- `shareData(data)` - Share data between overlay and main app
- `updateFlag(flag)` - Update overlay flag while active
- `overlayListener` - Stream for listening to overlay events

### App Control
- `minimizeApp()` - Minimize the host application to the background.

## Example

See the `example/` directory for a complete working example demonstrating all features, including live text streaming.

## Limitations

- Only supports Android (iOS has strict limitations on overlay windows)
- Requires `SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW` permission
- Overlay content is currently rendered as a native Android view (TextView). Custom Flutter widgets in the overlay are not directly supported by this architecture, but the displayed text can be updated live from Flutter.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

This package is inspired by [flutter_overlay_window](https://github.com/jbergloda1/flutter_overlay_window) but with improved API design and additional features.
